# CS-320-Repo

> *How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?*

To ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure, various forms of testing will be utilized. This begins with interpretting the client's requirements and security needs, determining which areas of security are affected by the application, manually reviewing the codebase for security vulnerabilities, and analyzing dependency reports through static testing. After static testing is performed, various other forms of testing techniques can be utilized to ensure that the code is functional and ready to be deployed. These techniques include functional and non-functional testing of the requirements, unit testing to ensure that individual units of code are correct, integration testing to ensure proper integration of modules in the system, and then user acceptance testing to ensure that the software meets the user's needs and expectations.

> *How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?*

The user's needs are interpreted from the requirements gathering process. These requirments could be presented through various forms of communication such as interviews and formal documents. User needs can be incorporated through test-driven development. Therefore, test cases can be written to account for all of the requirements, and then the system can be implemented to pass these test cases. Conversely, the system could be implemented beforehand, and tests could be constructed to make sure the implementation meets the user's needs. It is important to consider the user's needs during the analysis, design, implementation, and testing phases of the SDLC so that less maintenance would be needed after the initial implementation of the system is completed. By incorporating all of the required functionality from the get-go, less time and resources would be spent later on in development to add the missing functionality.

> *How do I approach designing software?*

Designing software starts with the requirements gathering process. This could be done through interviews, surveys, speficication documents and so on. I would fully analyze the requirements of the system beforehand so that the system could be designed accordingly. Then, I would utilize process, object, and behavioral models to gain a complete understanding of the design of the system. During development, I would utilize Gantt charts, milestones, and the project roadmap to stay on track. The implementation of the system will be done according to the product backlog, and during development I would test each implemented unit through various forms of testing techniques to ensure that it is functional and secure before committing it to the code base.
